shop
log in
5 DINNERS IN 1 HOUR MEMBERS
CURRENT RECIPES & MENUS
Privacy Policy
 Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to 5dinners1hour.com and mealplans.5dinners1hour.com and 5Dinners1Hour LLC and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to 5Dinners1Hour LLC include 5dinners1hour.com and mealplans.5dinners1hour.com and 5 Dinners 1 Hour. The 5 Dinners 1 Hour website is a Blog and E-Commerce site. By using the 5 Dinners 1 Hour website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
In order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site, 5 Dinners 1 Hour may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:
– First and Last Name
– Mailing Address
– E-mail Address
We’ll use this information for purposes, such as, to:
 Send you information about your account and subscriptions. This may include payment receipts, and password reset email.
 Create your membership account
If you purchase 5 Dinners 1 Hour’s products and services, we use PayPal to collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Use of your Personal Information
5 Dinners 1 Hour collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
5 Dinners 1 Hour may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from 5 Dinners 1 Hour and its affiliates.
Who on our team has access
Members of our team have access to the information you provide us. For example, site Owner/Administrators can access:
Order information such as your membership subscriptions, payment dates and amounts, and username / email address.
Any additional information added in your Member Profile can also be visible to the Administrator(s).
Sharing Information with Third Parties
5 Dinners 1 Hour does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
5 Dinners 1 Hour may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to 5 Dinners 1 Hour, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
5 Dinners 1 Hour may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on 5 Dinners 1 Hour or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of 5 Dinners 1 Hour; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of 5 Dinners 1 Hour, or the public.
Tracking User Behavior
5 Dinners 1 Hour may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within 5 Dinners 1 Hour, in order to determine what 5 Dinners 1 Hour services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within 5 Dinners 1 Hour to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Automatically Collected Information (Log Files)
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by 5 Dinners 1 Hour. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain the quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the 5 Dinners 1 Hour website.
Use of Cookies
The 5 Dinners 1 Hour website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize 5 Dinners 1 Hour pages, or register with 5 Dinners 1 Hour site or services, a cookie helps 5 Dinners 1 Hour to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same 5 Dinners 1 Hour website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the 5 Dinners 1 Hour features that you customized.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the 5 Dinners 1 Hour services or websites you visit.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Web Beacons
Web Beacons (also known as web bugs, pixel tags, or clear GIFs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that may be included on our Services for several purposes.  For example, we may use Web Beacons to deliver or communicate with Cookies, to track and measure the performance of our Services, to monitor how many visitors view our Services, and to monitor the effectiveness of our advertising.  Unlike Cookies, which are stored on the user’s hard drive, Web Beacons are typically embedded invisibly on web pages (or in an e-mail).
Facebook
Cookies and pixels are used to understand and deliver ads and make them more relevant to you. We may also use a cookie to learn whether someone who saw an ad on Facebook later visited our website.
Mediavine
Uses cookies to serve ads to users based on their visit to 5 Dinners 1 Hour and other sites on the Internet.
Analytics
Google Analytics – We use Google Analytics to understand how the website is being used in order to improve the user experience. User data is anonymous.
5 Dinners 1 Hour uses Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. Visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using Google’s Ad Settings page. Users can completely block Google Analytics tracking using Google’s Analytics Opt-out browser add-on.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. 5 Dinners 1 Hour’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or websites.
Akismet
We collect information about visitors who comment on Sites that use our Akismet anti-spam service. The information we collect depends on how the User sets up Akismet for the Site, but typically includes the commenter’s IP address, user agent, referrer, and Site URL (along with other information directly provided by the commenter such as their name, username, email address, and the comment itself).
WP Ultimate Recipe
Bootstrapped Ventures, the developer of WP Ultimate Recipe, does not have access to any of the data collected by the plugin. This is all stored in your local database and not communicated back to Bootstrapped Ventures.
     -What personal data we collect and why we collect it
     -Cookies
When user ratings are enabled we store a WPURP_User_Voted_%recipe% cookie (with %recipe% the ID of the recipe) that contains the rating this user has given to a particular recipe. This cookie is used as (one of the) measures to prevent rating spam.
When the User Menus feature is enabled we store WPURP_Shopping_List_Recipes_v2, WPURP_Shopping_List_Servings_v2 and WPURP_Shopping_List_Order_v2 cookies to be able to show the same shopping list to a guest on a later visit. This does not contain any personal data.
When the Meal Planner feature is enabled we store WPURP_Meal_Plan_ID and WPURP_Meal_Plan_ID_%id% cookies to be able to show the same meal plan to a guest on a later visit. This does not contain any personal data.
   -IP Address
When user ratings are enabled we store the IP address upon voting. This is used as (one of the) measures to prevent rating spam.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site.
Fonts in the recipe templates will be loaded from the Google Web Font API (fonts.googleapis.com). You will be agreeing to their Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security of your Personal Information
5 Dinners 1 Hour secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. 5 Dinners 1 Hour uses the following methods for this purpose:
– SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Children Under Thirteen
5 Dinners 1 Hour does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-mail Communications
By purchasing a subscription/membership, and or sample you agree to be added to our mailing list to receive a reminder of upcoming menus, sales, and other notices.
From time to time, 5 Dinners 1 Hour may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication. In order to improve our Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from 5 Dinners 1 Hour or click on a link therein.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from 5 Dinners 1 Hour, you may opt-out of such communications by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email.
How Long We Retain Your Data
We store information about you for as long as your account exists.
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Caching
This site utilizes caching in order to facilitate a faster response time and better user experience. Caching potentially stores a duplicate copy of every web page that is on display on this site. All cache files are temporary and are never accessed by any third party, except as necessary to obtain technical support from the cache plugin vendor. Cache files expire on a schedule set by the site administrator, but may easily be purged by the admin before their natural expiration, if necessary.
What Rights You Have Over Your Data
If you have an account on this site or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where We Send Your Data
Visitors Comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Payments
We accept payments through PayPal and Stripe. When processing payments, some of your data will be passed to PayPal or Stripe (depending on which payment method chosen), including information required to process or support the payment, such as the purchase total and billing information.
Please see the PayPal Privacy Policy for more details.
Please see the Stripe Privacy Policy for more details.
External Data Storage Sites
We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Changes to this Statement
5 Dinners 1 Hour reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
5 Dinners 1 Hour welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that 5 Dinners 1 Hour has not adhered to this Statement, please contact 5 Dinners 1 Hour at:
 5Dinners1Hour LLC
_________________
Sachse, Texas 75048
Email Address:
support@5dinners1hour.com
Telephone number:
972-914-9398
_________________
Effective as of May 28, 2018
GET HELP & FAQ
CONTACT US
JOIN THE INFLUENCER PROGRAM
INFLUENCER/AFFILIATE LOG IN
COPYRIGHT © 2019 5 DINNERS IN 1 HOUR LLC · PRIVACY POLICY · DISCLOSURE · TERMS OF USE · LOG IN