FREE Vouchers The National Register for 30,000 Schools
Login
Home
Council Dates
Bank Holidays
European Dates
Advertise
FREE Vouchers
Term Dates  Privacy Policy
Term Dates Privacy Policy

We are committed to preserving the privacy of all visitors to our website: https://termdates.co.uk
Cookie Policy
Cookies collect information about how you browse the website. Please view our Cookie Policy for more information
SSL Certificate
The Term Dates website (https://termdates.co.uk) is a TrustWave Domain Validated SSL providing website visitors with the assurance that it is trustworthy and secure website
The Information Commissioner's Office
The Data Protection Act 1998 requires every data controller who processes personal information to be registered with the ICO. Our Registration Number is ZA150754
Storing Your Personal Data
We do our best to ensure that your data is stored securely. Unfortunately the sending of information via the internet is not totally secure and occasionally such information can be intercepted. We cannot guarantee the security of data that you choose to send us electronically, sending such information is entirely at your own risk.
Disclosing Your Information
We will not disclose your details to any third party other than in accordance with this Privacy Policy or where we are required by law.
Access to Information
You have the right to access any information that we hold relating to you. We reserve the right to charge a fee of 20 to cover costs incurred by us in providing you with the information.
Contacting Us
Please do not hesitate to contact us regarding any matter relating to this Privacy Policy by either;
Calling us on 02920 700820
Sending an email to info@termdates.co.uk
 

 2019 Korijo Ltd Data Protection Act 1998 Reg No ZA150754.
TermDates is a trading name of Korijo Ltd. Company Number 7447444. Registered Address: 74 Cae Canol, Penarth, Glamorgan CF64 3RL
Contact Us | About Us | Blog | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Things to Do | Terms of Use