Book Now
Open Menu
Thames River Services Privacy Policy
Privacy & Cookies Policy  May 2018 Update
1. What this privacy policy covers
This privacy policy explains what information Thames River Services collects about you and how it will be used.
Thames River Services promises to respect any personal data you share with us, or that we get from other organisations and keep it safe. We aim to be clear when we collect your data and not do anything you would not reasonably expect.
If you have any queries regarding this privacy policy please contact our team at info@thamesriverservices.london
2. What information we collect about you and how we collect it
Information you give us
When you make a purchase with us for Thames River Services tickets, we will ask you for your personal information in order for us to process your purchase.
Personal information we collect may include:
Title, first name, last name;
Postal address, email address and phone numbers
Credit card details
For school/group bookings, we may also collect:
Name of organisation
Postal address, email address and phone numbers of organisation
Credit card or bank details
We collect this personal information when you fill in forms on this website, or when you correspond with us by telephone or e-mail.
Information you give to third parties
We also collect personal data from the following third parties:
Ticket agents who transfer personal data to us when you purchase a ticket from them for one of our Services.
Tour Operators who transfer personal data via trade voucher to us when you purchase a ticket from them for one of our services.
Other trade partners who transfer personal data via discount or special offer vouchers to us when you use their services and accept to use these promotions.
CCTV
By using CCTV and body-worn cameras (some of which have the ability to record audio), to prevent and detect crime and to keep people who visit and work on our boats or at our piers safe and secure.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site.
Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Google analytics
This website uses Google Analytics in order to analyse the data but we do not collect any personal information. We use this tool to understand how our visitors are using and interacting with our website and apps. This analysis helps us to make improvements to our web services and your online experience.
Social media
If you are a social media user, we will use certain social media tools as part of our relationship with you. These include Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and LinkedIn.
3. What we do with your information
Currently we use your data for the following purposes:
To provide a product or service you have requested
To contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information (e.g. service cancellation)
Lost property
Customers complaints
Invoicing purposes
To comply with a legal obligation, for the following purposes:
where you exercise your rights under data protection law and make requests;
to co-operate with investigations made by official maritime bodies such as the Maritime and Coastguard Agency and the Port of London Authority; and
to comply with any legal obligation, any lawful request from government or law enforcement officials and as may be required to meet national security or law enforcement requirements or prevent illegal activity.
We will never sell your personal data
We will never use your personal data for any marketing purpose
4. Who do we share your personal data with
We share the data with third parties, to help manage our business and deliver services. These third parties may from time to time need to have access to your personal data, and include:
Service providers, who help manage our IT and back office systems, and assist with our Customer Relationship Management activities, like marketing agency partners (Website maintenance, booking system, Search Engine Optimisation, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter accounts), Credit card service company and payroll service company.
Trade partners, who we sell packages with on our website
5. Security
We recognise the need to ensure that personal information gathered via this website remains secure. Our agency partners use industry standard Secure Server Software (SSL) for your transactions with us to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the personal information under our control. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the Internet. However, you acknowledge that although we exercise adequate care and security there remains a risk that information transmitted over the Internet and stored by computer may be intercepted or accessed by an unauthorised third part.
6. Recruitment and employment
In order to comply with our contractual, statutory, and management obligations and responsibilities, we process personal data, from job applicants and employees. We share this personal data with the payroll service company. Payslips are issued by them.
7. Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy from time to time. Any such changes will be posted on this page so that we can keep you informed about how we process your personal data. We recommend that you consult this page frequently so that you are aware of our latest Privacy Policy and can update your preferences if necessary. Your continued use of our Services shall constitute your acceptance of any revised Privacy Policy.
Book Your Sightseeing Tickets:
Book Here
Trade Associations
TRS Information
Home
About Us
Thames History
Frequently Asked Questions
Customer Feedback
Contact Us
Contact Crown River
Contact Westminister Party Boats
Contact Viscount Cruises
Find Us
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Sight Seeing
Westminster - Greenwich
Greenwich - Westminster
Westminster - Greenwich via Thames Barrier
Greenwich - Westminster via Thames Barrier
St. Katharines - Greenwich
Greenwich - St. Katharines
St. Katharines - Greenwich via Thames Barrier
Greenwich - St. Katharines via Thames Barrier
Greenwich via Thames Barrier - Greenwich
Circular Cruise
Meet The Fleet
Thomas Doggett
Crown River Cruises
Salient
Sapele
Sarah Kathleen
Sarpedon
Westminister Party Boats Ltd
Mercedes
Mercia
Mercuria
Viscount Cruises
Avontuur
London Rose
TripAdvisor
Website Design & Development  2000 - 2018 LW design Ltd