HOME
FREE EBOOK
BEGINNERS
RC
NEWS
GLOSSARY
RESOURCES
ABOUT
Privacy Policy
by JASON KING on NOVEMBER 25, 2012
Save
Share
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Adsense and the DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visits to this website as well as other sites on the internet.
To opt out of the DART cookies you may visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to Googles own privacy policies.
Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track users activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, 3DPrintHQ has no access or control over these cookies that may be used by third party advertisers.
Collection of Personal Information
When visiting 3DPrintHQ, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links to Third Party Websites
We have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
The contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion.
If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of 3DPrintHQ then you may contact us at Info [at] 3DPrintHQ.com
(Visited 448 times, 1 visits today)
Save
Share
  3,602 Likes      11,168 Followers
Grab My FREE eBook





Still unsure? CLICK HERE to find out more...
78% OFF My Course
Want Better Prints?
Search My Website
Read My Best Posts
The True Cost of Running a
How 3D Printing Has Evolved in
How Does Selective Laser Sintering Work?
Top 20 Cool Facts About 3D Printing
Clear Your Driveway with a 3D
MakerBot Out of Action:
The Liberator 3D Printed Gun
WARNING  How Safe is Your
Fitting the Electronics to the
Why You Should Build a 3D Printer
About Me
Thanks For Visiting!
Jason King BSc (Hons) MBCS CITP
Copyright  3D Print Headquarters 20122019  |  Contact Us  |  Privacy Policy  |  Secure Site Promise
Annoyed With Poor Quality 3D Prints And Poor Manufacturer Support? Join Our FREE 3D Printing Facebook Group!Join Now!