5 Minute Typing Test
Start Your Test Now!
Privacy Policy
We respect the privacy of our visitors and surfers. We collect aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, and may be disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website.
We try to protect your privacy, but please understand that any use of the Internet or of email creates the possibility that someone could access the data transmitted. There is always some risk on the web that personal information might be accessed and privacy cannot be guaranteed.
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit networkadvertising.org.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this website. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
From time to time, we may use customer information, if collected, for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Copyright 2011 5 Minute Typing Test
Privacy Policy
report this ad
Privacy Policy
Search website
SHARE
POPULAR PAGES
Home
x