Main Menu
Privacy
TwistTravelMag.com (Website) is governed by the following Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you what personally identifiable information we may collect and how it may be used. This statement only applies to this Website.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND HOW IS IT USED?
Information You Voluntarily Submit to the Website: We may collect personal information from you such as your name or email address. For example, you may voluntarily submit information to the Website by leaving a comment, subscribing to a newsletter, or submitting a contact form. In addition, we may ask you to create a user profile, which would allow you to create a username and password. We will store the username, but your password will not be visible in our records.
Information We Collect from Others: We may receive information about you from other sources. For example, if you use a third-party software through the site, they may transfer information to us for fulfillment.
Automatically-Collected Information: We automatically collect certain information about you and the device with which you access the Website. For example, when you use the Website, we will log your IP address, operating system type, browser type, referring website, pages you viewed, and the dates/times when you accessed the Website. We may also collect information about actions you take when using the Website, such as links clicked.
Cookies: We may log information using cookies, which are small data files stored on your browser by the Website. We may use both session cookies, which expire when you close your browser, and persistent cookies, which stay on your browser until deleted, to provide you with a more personalized experience on the Website.
HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE USED
We may use the information collected in the following ways:
To operate and maintain the Website;
To create your account, identify you as a user of the Website, and customize the Website for your account;
To send you promotional information, such as newsletters. Each email promotion will provide information on how to opt-out of future mailings;
To send you administrative communications, such as administrative emails, confirmation emails, technical notices, updates on policies, or security alerts;
To respond to your comments or inquiries;
To provide you with user support;
To track and measure advertising on the Website;
To process payment for purchases you make through the Website; or,
To protect, investigate, and deter against unauthorized or illegal activity.
THIRD-PARTY USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may share your information with third parties when you explicitly authorize us to share your information.
Additionally, the Website may use third-party service providers to service various aspects of the Website. Each third-party service providers use of your personal information is dictated by their respective privacy policies. The Website currently uses the following third-party service providers:
Google Analytics  this service tracks Website usage and provides information such as referring websites and user actions on the Website. Google Analytics may capture your IP address, but no other personal information is captured by Google Analytics.
OptinMonster  the Website uses OptinMonster Forms to collect your personal information for transmission to the Website or for subscribing to our newsletter. OptinMonster Forms stores any personal information on our server and it is not shared with third parties, other than as it is detailed herein.
ActiveCampaign  this service is used for delivery of email updates and newsletters. We store your name and email address for purposes of delivering such communications.
Mediavine  this service is used to manage our display advertisements. To provide personalized advertising options, Mediavine may use your IP address or location. This information is not stored on the Website.
Influencer Networks  from time to time, as described herein, the Website may post sponsored content which contains tracking pixels for networks such as IZEA, Find Your Influence, Active, Travel Mindset and Markerly. These tracking pixels may capture information such as your IP address to evaluate the effectiveness of the marketing campaigns. This information is not stored on the Website.
Rafflecopter  the Website uses Rafflecopter to administer sweepstakes. To enter certain sweepstakes, we will collect personal information, which is stored by Rafflecopter and accessible by Twist Travel Magazine and Twist Travel Company, LLC. If you do not wish to have your information saved in Rafflecopter, do not enter any sweepstakes hosted on the site.
Website performance  the Website uses tools to improve performance that may capture your personal information, such as Askimet (an anti-spam plugin used during commenting) Performance Foundry and Sucuri (a website security and caching plugin). Any personal information obtained by these companies is not shared with any third parties.
Travel Services  the Website offers links to travel services, including Ciao Bambino (see their Privacy Policy here). If you click on these links, you may be taken to a third-party website and subject to their privacy policy.
Affiliate Networks  the Website participates in affiliate marketing, which is described more fully below. When you make a purchase using an affiliate link, the third-party from which you make the purchase may transfer information regarding the sale back to us. This will depend on the individual companys privacy policies. Currently, we host affiliate links from the following providers:
Amazon Associate Program. Read their privacy notice.
Awin. Read their privacy policy.
Impact Radius. Read their privacy policy.
Reward Style. Read their privacy policy.
ShopStyle.com, Read their privacy policy.
Shareasale. Read their privacy policy.
Rakuten. Read their privacy policy.
Booking.com, Read their privacy policy.
FlexOffer.com, Read there privacy policy.
Backup Data  the Website also creates back up data which stores all information housed on the Website at a particular time, which can be used to restore the Website in the event of a technological issues. These copies are stored by:
SiteGround: Read their privacy policy.
At this time, your personal information is not shared with any other third-party applications. This list may be amended from time to time in the Websites sole discretion.
Except when required by law, we will not sell, distribute, or reveal your email addresses or other personal information without your consent; however, we may disclose or transfer personal information collected through the Website to third parties who acquire all or a portion of our business, which may be the result of a merger, consolidation, or purchase of all or a portion of our assets, or in connection with any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding brought by or against us.
ANONYMOUS DATA
From time to time, we may use anonymous data, which does not identify you alone, or when combined with data from other parties. This type of anonymous data may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. Examples of this anonymous data may include analytics or information collected from cookies. 
PUBLICLY VISIBLE INFORMATION
If you create a user profile on the Website or leave a comment, certain information may be publicly visible.
COOKIES
The Website uses cookies to store visitors preferences, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads, customize Website content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends. Cookies may also be used by third-party services, such as Google Analytics, as described herein.
Users may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies, by the Website, by using a corresponding setting of your internet browser and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an Internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all popular Internet browsers. However, if users deactivate the setting of cookies in your Internet browser, not all functions of our Website may be entirely usable.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt in to saving your name, email address, and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for at least one year.
ADVERTISING
Display Ads
The Website may use Mediavine to manage all third-party advertising on the Website. Mediavine serves content and advertisements when you visit the Website, which may use cookies. Mediavine may collect IP addresses and location to serve personalized ads. If you want to opt out of display advertising, visit this link to learn more about opting out.
Retargeting Ads
From time to time, the Website may engage in remarketing efforts with third-party companies, such as Google, Facebook, or Instagram, in order to market the Website. These companies use cookies to serve ads based on someones past visits to the Website. This means, after visiting the Website, you may see an ad for our services. However, your personally identifiable information is not used by any remarketing service other than to present you offers from Twist Travel Magazine. We use the following third-party service providers for remarketing:
Facebook: Opt-out of Facebook remarketing here
Google: Opt-out of Google remarketing here
Sponsored Content Tracking Pixels
This Website may engage in sponsored campaigns with various influencer networks, brands, and agencies. All sponsored content is duly disclosed in accordance with the FTCs requirements. From time to time, these sponsored campaigns utilize tracking pixels (aka web beacons), which may contain cookies to collect data regarding usage and audience. This information is collected by the sponsoring company to track the results of the campaign. No personally identifiable information collected by the Website is used in conjunction with these tracking pixels.
Affiliate Program Participation
The Website may engage in affiliate marketing, which is done by embedding tracking links into the Website. If you click on a link for an affiliate partnership, a cookie will be placed on your browser to track any sales for purposes of commissions.
The TwistTravelMag.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and links to Amazon.com.  As part of this Amazon Associates program, the Website will post customized links, provided by Amazon, to track the referrals to their website. This program utilizes cookies to track visits for the purposes of assigning commission on these sales.
Newsletters
On the Website, you may subscribe to our newsletter, which may be used for advertising purposes. All newsletters sent may contain tracking pixels. The pixel is embedded in emails and allows an analysis of the success of online marketing campaigns. Because of these tracking pixels, we may see if and when you open an email and which links within the email you click. Also, this allows the Website to adapt the content of future newsletters to the interests of the user. This behavior will not be passed on to third parties.
RIGHTS RELATED TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Opt-out  You may opt-out of future email communications by following the unsubscribe links in our emails. You may also notify us at privacy@twisttravelmag.com to be removed from our mailing list.
Access  You may access the personal information we have about you by submitting a request to privacy@twisttravelmag.com.
Amend  You may contact us at privacy@twisttravelmag.com to amend or update your personal information.
Forget  In certain situations, you may request that we erase or forget your personal data. To do so, please submit a request to privacy@twisttravelmag.com.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes or to complete transactions, or when required by law.
SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
At no time should you submit sensitive personal information to the Website. This includes your social security number, information regarding race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, health information, criminal background, or trade union memberships. If you elect to submit such information to us, it will be subject to this Privacy Policy.
CHILDRENS INFORMATION
The Website does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 16. If a parent or guardian believes that the Website has personally identifiable information of a child under the age of 16 in its database, please contact us immediately at privacy@twisttravelmag.com and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
FTC DISCLOSURE
From time to time, the Website may post sponsored content from an advertiser. This means that an advertiser, which may be a brand, agency, or influencer network, will contract with Twist Travel Magazine to create content featuring certain messages or product placement. Pursuant to the FTCs requirements, all such advertisements on the Website are clearly and conspicuously disclosed.
Even though compensation (e.g., cash, free product, or services) is received for in exchange for this sponsored content placement, Twist Travel Magazine gives its honest opinion, findings, believes, or experiences in such content. All views expressed on the Website are those of the content creator. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider, or party in question.
GENERAL DISCLAIMER
Twist Travel Magazine has made every effort to ensure that all information on the Website has been tested for accuracy. Twist Travel Magazine makes no guarantees regarding the results that you will see from using the information provided on the Website.
TRAVEL CONTENT DISCLAIMER
The Website may discuss topics related to travel, including discussion of modes of transportation, lodging and activities. The travel information provided on the Website is provided as is without any representations or warranties, express or implied. The Website makes no representations or warranties in relation to the travel information on the Website. Your experience with the same providers mentioned may differ from that depicted on the Website.
YOUR RESPONSIBILITY
The Website was developed strictly for informational purposes. You understand and agree that you are fully responsible for your use of the information provided on the Website. Twist Travel Magazine makes no representations, warranties or guarantees. You understand that results may vary from person to person. Twist Travel Magazine assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions that may appear in the Website.
USE OF THE WEBSITE
Unless otherwise stated, Twist Travel Magazine owns the intellectual property and rights to all content and material on the Website. Subject to the license below, all intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view, download (for caching purposes only), and print pages for your personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these Terms of Use.
The following uses are not permitted:
Republication of content from the Website, unless content is specifically and expressly made available for republication;
Sale, rental or sub-license of any content from the Website;
Reproduction or duplication of any content on the Website for commercial purposes;
Modification of any content on this website, unless content is specifically and expressly made available for modification;
Redistribution of content of the Website, unless content is specifically and expressly made available for redistribution. Users are permitted to share content on social media channels, as long as a link to the Website is included.
From time to time, the Website will utilize various plugins or widgets to allow sharing of content via social media channels, email or other methods. Use of these plugins or widgets does not constitute any waiver of Twist Travel Magazines intellectual property rights. Such use is a limited license to republish the content on the approved social media channels, with full credit to Twist Travel Magazine.
You must not use the Website in a way that causes, or may cause, damage to the Website or impair the availability of access to the Website. You must not decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise reduce the Website, except to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law. You must not use the Website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material that consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit and/or other harmful code or malicious software.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities, including, but not limited to scraping, data mining, data extraction or data harvesting on or in relation to the Website without Twist Travel Magazine s express written permission.
You must not use the Website to transmit or send any unsolicited commercial communications.
You must not use the Website for any third-party marketing without Twist Travel Magazines express written permission.
COPYRIGHT
Unless otherwise noted, the design, content and all components of the Website are copyrights owned by Twist Travel Magazine or third parties and are protected by United States and international copyright laws and should not be reused or republished without express written permission.
TRADEMARKS
Twist Travel Magazines trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is notTwist Travel Magazines, in any manner likely to cause confusion among consumers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Twist Travel Magazine or Twist Travel Company, LLC.
From time to time, the Website will legally utilize trademarks owned by third parties related to Twist Travel Magazines services. These trademarks are the respective property of their owners.
GRANT OF RIGHTS
You grant Twist Travel Magazine a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute any content you contribute to the Website. This includes, but is not limited to, text, images, audio material, comments, video material and audio-visual material. This license extends to all known and future media. You also grant Twist Travel Magazine the right to sub-license these rights and the right to bring an action for infringement of these rights.
CONTENT CONTRIBUTED TO THE WEBSITE
Any content you contribute to the site, including, but not limited to text, images, audio material, comments, video material and audio-visual material, must not be illegal or unlawful, may not infringe on any third-partys legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or Twist Travel Magazine or a third party.
Twist Travel Magazine reserves the right to edit or remove: (i) any material submitted to the Website; (ii) stored on Twist Travel Magazines servers; or, (iii) hosted or published on the Website.Twist Travel Magazine takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
Notwithstanding Twist Travel Magazines rights under the Terms of Use,Twist Travel Magazine does not undertake to monitor the submission of all content to, or the publication of such content on, the Website.
TAKEDOWN REQUESTS
From time to time, the Website will publish posts with images from other third-party websites. Any such use is intended considered fair use under copyright laws and is fully attributed to the owner. If you believe that your copyrighted work has been used on the Website in a way that constitutes copyright infringement and falls outside of fair use, please send a request to privacy@twisttravelmag.com and we will remove the image within 24 to 48 hours.
COMMUNICATION
If you send Twist Travel Magazine an email, register to use the Website or provide your email to Twist Travel Magazine in any other way, you consent to receive communications from Twist Travel Magazine electronically. You agree that all legal notices provided via electronic means from Twist Travel Magazine satisfy any requirement for written notice.
THIRD PARTIES
The Website contains links to third-party websites that are not governed or controlled by Twist Travel Magazine. You represent and warrant that you have read and agree to be bound by all applicable Terms of Use and policies for any third-party website that relates to your use of the Website. Twist Travel Magazine assumes no control or liability over the content of any third-party sites. You expressly hold harmless Twist Travel Magazine from any and all liability related to your use of a third-party website.
Prior to engaging in any events or commercial transactions with any third parties discovered through or linked on the Website, you must complete any necessary investigation or due diligence. If there is a dispute for any events or commercial transactions with a third party discovered through or linked on the Website, you expressly hold Twist Travel Magazine harmless from any and all liability in any dispute.
NO WARRANTIES
The Website are provided on an as is and as available basis without any representations or warranties, expressed or implied. Twist Travel Magazine makes no representations or warranties in relation to the Website or the information and materials provided therein.
Twist Travel Magazine makes no warranty the Website will meet your requirements; will be available uninterrupted; timely and free of viruses or bugs; or represents the full functionality, accuracy, and reliability of the Website. Twist Travel Magazine is not responsible to you for the loss of any content or material uploaded or transmitted through the Website. The Website is written in English and makes no warranty regarding translation or interpretation of content in any language.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
TWIST TRAVEL MAGAZINE/ TWIST TRAVE COMPANY, LLC WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, HOWEVER CAUSED, INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE, DATA OR USE, INCURRED BY YOU, WHETHER UNDER THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), WARRANTY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THE OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
INDEMNITY
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Twist Travel Magazine, its members, employees, officers, directors, managers and agents harmless from and against any and all losses, claims, suits, actions, liabilities, obligations, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) which Twist Travel Magazine suffers as a result of third-party claims based on: (i) your negligence or intentional misconduct, (ii) your breach of any provision of the Terms of Use (including representation or warranty); (iii) materials prepared or provided by you including, but not limited to, any claims of infringement, or misappropriation of copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other intellectual property or proprietary right, infringement of the rights of privacy or publicity, or defamation or libel; or (iv) death, personal injury, or property damage arising out of, or relating to, your obligations hereunder.
ARBITRATION
The Terms of Use will be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Wyoming. Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to the Terms of Use, or the breach thereof, shall be settled by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its Commercial Arbitration Rules, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The place of any such arbitration shall be in or near Teton County, Wyoming. The parties also agree that the AAA Optional Rules for Emergency Measures of Protection shall apply to the proceedings.
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS
If any provision(s) of the Terms of Use is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall be severable and enforceable. If a provision is excessively broad, such a provision shall be limited or reduced in scope so as to be enforceable.
The Terms of Use may not be assigned by you without Twist Travel Magazines prior written consent, however, the Terms of Use may be assigned by Twist Travel Magazine in its sole discretion.
The Terms of Use are the final, complete and exclusive agreement of the parties with respect to the Website offered by Twist Travel Magazine.
CONTACT INFORMATION
At any time, please contact us at privacy@twisttravelmag.com for questions related to this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Last updated: 20 May 2018
Information
About
Twist Team
Buy Twist Mag
Get Involved
Advertise
Collaborate
Contribute
Contact
On The Blog
See All
Trips
Food
Style
Life
Get Social
 2017-2019 Walking On Media LLC
Privacy | Terms | Disclaimer