Maps of World
Current, Credible, Consistent
Search
Maps
Continents
Country Maps
City Maps
Thematic Maps
Travel
Tools
Resources
USA
World Map HD
Get Custom Mapping Quote (408) 326-9371 | sales@mapsofworld.com
World Map / Privacy Policy
What's New?
North America Map
USA
Mexico Map
Canada Map
more+
South America Map
Brazil Map
Argentina Map
Peru Map
more+
Europe Map
Germany Map
Italy Map
France Map
more+
Asia Map
China Map
India Map
Japan Map
more+
Australia & Oceania Map
Australia Map
New Zealand Map
Fiji Map
more+
Africa Map
South Africa Map
Egypt Map
Nigeria Map
more+
World Map
World Outline Map
World Physical Map
World Thematic Maps
more+
Cities Maps
World City Info
USA State Maps
Utilities
Location Maps
World Atlas
Flags
Referrals
Latitude & Longitude
Deutsch

Privacy Policy
www.mapsofworld.com including all of its sub-domains (hereinafter collectively referred to as "MOW") respects your privacy and committed to ensure that your privacy is protected by means of protecting your personally Identifiable Information you share with us. Personally Identifiable Information is information by which a person can be identified such as name, address, telephone number, SSN, e - mail ID and date of birth.

Should MOW ask you to provide Personally Identifiable Information when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

MOW may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page periodically to ensure that you are comfortable with any changes. This policy was last updated on August 7th 2013.

What MOW Collects
MOW may collect Personally Identifiable Information
MOW may use 'cookies' and 'web beacons' to manage your status and verify your identity
MOW may collect geophysical IP Address/browser information/other technical information for system and server administration.
MOW may collect other information relevant to surveys and offers.
What does MOW do with the information collected

MOW requires this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:

To fulfill the services you have asked MOW to perform
For internal record keeping.
To improve MOW products and services.
MOW may periodically send promotional e - mail about new products, special offers or other information which MOW think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. However, you may unsubscribe yourself to such promotional e - mails through the link provided in every such e - mail itself.
From time to time, MOW may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. MOW may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. Any time you can easily unsubscribe from MOW mailing list and no longer receive such offers and mailings by dropping an e  mail in this regard with the Subject - Unsubscribe at unsubscribe@mapsofworld.com .
MOW may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.

With whom MOW shares the information
As a thumb rule, MOW will not willfully disclose your Personally Identifiable Information with any third party except under following conditions -
When Information is forwarded to Service Providers to fulfill the services you have asked MOW to perform.
When MOW is legally compelled to provide the information to the Law Enforcement Authorities or government regulatory or administrative or similar agency as part of a judicial or administrative proceeding to disclose the Information.

Security
MOW is committed to ensure that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure MOW has put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information MOW collects online. While MOW strives to protect your personal information, MOW can not ensure or warrant total security of any information you transmit over the transmission medium.

Limitation of Liability
MOW website may contain links to other websites or advertisements which drive you to another website. However, once you have used these links to leave MOW website, you should note that MOW does not have any control over that other website. Therefore, MOW cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites as such sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy. You should exercise caution and look at the Privacy Policy applicable to the website in question.

Advertising Cookies
MOW Website has contracted with third party vendors, including Google, who use cookies to serve ads based on a User's prior visits to MOW. Google's use of Double Click cookie enables it and its partners to server ads Users based on their visits to MOW. Users may opt out of the use of Double Click cookie for internet based advertising by visiting the Tribal Fusion, Affinity opt-out , Zedo opt-out and Taboola opt-out. Here.

At MOW Privacy Policy, we have listed Tribal Fusion, Affinity, Zedo and Taboola Opt-out links. If we allow other advertisers, we are required to include "Opt-Out" link for those advertisers also. Further, we are required to ask the advertisers whether they are complying with the EU GDPR norms.

For any clarification or question regarding the Privacy Policy, please drop an e - mail to contactus@mapsofworld.com.

Last Updated on: May 25th, 2018
FAQs and Answers on History and Geography

Is Saudi Arabia the Largest Oil Producer in the World?
How Many Time Zones does Mexico have?
What Is Latin America?
What Comprises Central America?
"By clicking OK or by using this Website, you consent to the use of cookies. Your personal data will be governed by Mapsofworld Privacy Policy and Terms."
OK
Custom Mapping / GIS Services
Get customize mapping solution including
Atlas Maps
Business Maps
IPad Applications
Travel Maps
Customized US Maps
World Digital maps
For further info please get in touch with us at
  mapxl@comparemails.com
Countries of the World
Germany Map
Spain Map
Scotland Map
Brazil Map
China Map
India Map
Japan Map
South Africa Map
All About Maps
Earth Map
Continents of the World
Countries of the World
City Maps
World Atlas
Custom Maps
World Map Poster
World Map Images
Thematic Maps
7 Wonders of the World
Honeymoon Destinations
US National Parks
World Top Ten
Earthquake Maps
Oceans Map
Mineral Maps
Weather Map
Travel Maps
Rail Maps
Road Maps
River Maps
Air Routes Map
History Maps
Outline Maps
World Time Zone Map
Travel Tools & Utilities
Flight Schedule
Flags of the World
Map Games
Mobile Applications
World Weather Chart
Location Maps
List of
Lat Long Finder
US Map
US Map with Capitals
US Counties
US Major Cities Map
US Blank Map
US Road Map
US Highways Map
US River Map
US Rail Map
US States
US Cities
Utilities
International Airports
Flight Schedule
RoutePlanner
Zip Code Map
Weltkarte
USA Karte
Europakarte
Deutschlandkarte
Frankreich Karte
Country Information
Lat Long Finder
Countries and Capitals
Embassy Finder
Cartography Services
GIS Services
Tsunami
Hurricane
Social Share
Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter

Best World Hotels | International Airlines Information | Flags | Free Maps | Infographics |
About Us | Contact Us | Feedback | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Copyright | Advertise with us | New Maps & Info | Mapsofworlds Editorial Calls
 MapsOfWorld 2002-2018
Business Managed by MapXL