100 Product Managers - Privacy Policy
Want to learn to think and do like an expert product manager?
SUBSCRIBE!
100 Product Managers Privacy Policy
In our effort to provide our audience with a great user experience, our website collects non-personally-identifying information such as browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of visitor requests.
Our goal for collecting this information is to better understand how our visitors use our website, so that we may continually improve it. From time to time, 100productmanagers.com may release some of the collected, non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, by publishing a report on trends in the usage of the website.
100productmanagers.com also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. 100productmanagesr.com does not use such information to identify our visitors, however, and we never disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances as described below.
GATHERING OF PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION
Certain visitors to our website voluntarily choose to interact with 100productmanagers.com in ways that require us to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that 100productmanagers.com gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors sign up for our newsletter to provide their email address, and we ask visitors requesting our course syllabus to provide their first and last name as well as email address. In each case, 100productmanagers.com collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of our visitors desired interaction. 100productmanagers.com does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below, and visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
AGGREGATED STATISTICS
100productmanagers.com may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, 100productmanagers.com may reveal how many shares a particular article received. However, 100productmanagers.com does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
PROTECTION OF CERTAIN PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION
100productmanagers.com discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on our behalf, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using 100productmanagers.com website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. 100productmanagers.com will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations, as described above, 100productmanagers.com discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of 100productmanagers.com, third parties, or the public at large. If you have supplied your email address, 100productmanagers.com may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with whats going on with the site. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. 100productmanagers.com takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
COOKIES
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitors computer, and that the visitors browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. 100productmanagers.com uses cookies to help us identify and track visitors, their usage of our website, and their website access preferences. Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using our website, with the drawback that certain features of 100productmanagers.com may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
Although most changes are likely to be minor, 100productmanagers.com may change the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time. We encourage our visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
100 Product Managers began with a mission to interview one hundred active product managers in Los Angeles - from startups to enterprise. We didn't realize we were also pioneering the web's first consolidated and comprehensive resource for product management topics.
SITE INFO
Articles
Podcasts
Courses
Resources
About
Jobs
Contact
Privacy Policy