Privacy Policy
*PRIVACY POLICY*
This privacy policy sets out how 2 Cookin Mamas uses and protects any information that you give while using www.2cookinmamas.com.
Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
2 Cookin Mamas may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page occasionally to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from January 1, 2015.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, in particular for the following reasons:
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computers hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Advertising
Some of our advertisers occasionally serve you cookies as well. We do not have control over cookies placed by advertisers. We may use advertising service vendors to help present advertisements on the website. These vendors may use cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies to serve you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this and other sites you have visited, to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before and to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements. In doing so, these vendors may collect non-personal data such as your browser type, your operating system, Web pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, ads viewed, and other clickstream data. The use of cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies by these advertising service vendors is subject to their own privacy policies, not ours, and Service Provider disclaims all liability in connection therewith.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by contacting us.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
Opt Out
For information about opting out of one of our ad partners, Mediavine and their ad serving partners, please visit https://www.mediavine.com/privacy-policy/
NO COMMENTS
LEAVE A REPLY
Name *
Email *
Website
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
Hi! We're Linda & Christina, a mother & daughter team just having fun in the kitchen. Welcome to 2 Cookin' Mamas, where we whip up quick & easy recipes to make life a little easier. From easy breakfasts to simple dinners, desserts to cocktails, there's something for everyone.
More ...
SUBSCRIBE & FOLLOW
SUBSCRIBE
SUMMER MEANS GRILLING
Rosemary Basil Grilled Lamb Chops
Healthy Shrimp and Vegetable Foil Packets
Grilled Salmon with Red Pepper Sauce
Easy Grilled Filet Mignon Dinner with Herb Butter
Bacon Wrapped Garlic Shrimp Crostini
HEALTHY SMOOTHIES
Healthy Chocolate Almond Butter Smoothie
07/31/2019
Cherry Vanilla Smoothie Swirl
05/18/2019
Strawberry Banana Smoothie Bowl
04/17/2019
A Coffee Lovers Smoothie  A Great Way to Start Your Day
07/27/2018
Healthy Peach Pie Smoothie
06/13/2018
MY COOKBOOKS
GET READY FOR SUMMER WITH THESE HEALTHY & DELICIOUS RECIPES. DOWNLOAD NOW!
A HEALTHY COOKBOOK FOR MOMS-TO-BE & THEIR FAMILY!
This site includes aliate links. When I nd a great product or service, I like to share it with my readers. Sometimes I use aliate links so I can earn commission for my recommendations with never an upcharge for you. I thank you for your support which allows me to continue dreaming up exciting, quick & easy recipes for you to enjoy!
2 COOKIN MAMAMS @ INSTAGRAM
Instagram has returned invalid data.
Copyright 2017 - 2 Cookin Mamas. All Rights Reserved.
TOP
Privacy Policy / Sitemap
Knock your parties & game day fun out of the park! Subscribe to my newsletter & receive a FREE copy of my AWESOME APPETIZERS e-book!
Click Now!