Privacy Policy
Who we are
33communication is a web development studio, based in Athens, Greece. We create handcrafted websites.
By accessing this website, at 33communication.com and all of its pages, you are agreeing to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site.
Personal data we collect & why
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it, to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
The data we collect
Contact form
By filling and submitting a contact form you provide us with the information we need to contact you regarding your request. Those data are not kept on our database or our server. We do not share this information with other parties. We do not use this information for future marketing purposes, unless specifically requested.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. After replying to your request, your data & email are deleted.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Security logs
If a person tries to access the admin area of our site without having permission, then we keep his IP address in our logs. This suggests improper use and malignant effort and therefore we have the right to keep such logs and process them.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
Cookie Policy
This is the Cookie Policy for 33communication, accessible from info@33communication.com
What Are Cookies
It is a common practice among professional websites to use cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your browser, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ’break’ certain elements of the site’s functionality. For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately, in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case, they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of this site. Therefore, it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
For forms
When you submit data through a form such as those found on contact pages, cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Site preferences
In order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences, we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
Google Analytics
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solutions on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content. For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page. Embedded content from other websites Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
What rights you have over your data
We do not keep any persona data on our website. Our contact forms are sent via email and any data provided are deleted.
You can request to receive a file of the personal data we hold about you, that you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Our hosting company is in the European Union and it is GDPR compliant. Our newsletter services are hosted by Mailchimp, based in Atlanta, USA and is GDPR compliant. Any information is sent over SSL / HTTPS to ensure security.
How we protect your data
Our server has malware protection mechanisms, internal reporting systems and an email notification system if any suspicious activity is detected.
Moreover, we are entirely using SSL/HTTPS throughout all our sites. This encrypts our user communications with the servers so personal identifiable information is never captured by third parties without authorization.
More Information
If you are still looking for more information, then you can contact us at:
Email: info@33communication.com
©2019, 33communication Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Terms of use
282, Kifisias Av., Halandri, 2106196810