Skip to content
1 Pure Radio Network
...your best choice in online radio...
PRIVACY POLICY
Who we are
We are 1 Pure Radio Network, a provider and programmer of audio entertainment and information, including in-store, over-the-air and internet-based radio broadcast presentations.
Our website address is: https://1pureradio.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact form
When visitors leave information on the contact form we collect the data shown in the contact form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites (including such sites as radionomy.com and letoptop.fr) may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Who we share your data with
We share your connection information with Google Analytics in order to gain insight on how our website is being used and how we may improve the website and modify our services we provide to our customers based on such usage, as well as to better follow market and media trends.  No personally identifiable information is available to our staff at 1 Pure Radio Network; the data is shown in combined form.  To opt out from this type of data collection on our site and others, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout for a tool that will help.
Should you make a donation to our radio broadcasting endeavors, your information is shared with Paypal, our payment processor.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (completely optional – we currently do not require registration for users to use our website), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments are checked through an antiSPAM service (Akismet, by Automattic – their privacy statement is located here:  https://automattic.com/privacy/).  No other data, other than as detailed above, is submitted to other services – it remains under control of the systems administrators of 1 Pure Radio Network.
Our contact information
Privacy Officer
1 Pure Radio Network
+1 630.296.7562
privacy@1pureradio.com
If you have any additional questions or concerns, please contact us as above.  A member of our staff will get back with you as soon as possible.
Like this:
Loading...
RECENT COMMENTS
RECENT POSTINGS
September 2019
July 2019
June 2019
January 2019
December 2018
November 2018
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018
July 2018
June 2018
May 2018
April 2018
March 2018
February 2018
January 2018
December 2017
October 2017
September 2017
August 2017
SUPPORT OUR STATIONS!
Support 1 Pure Radio Network on Patreon!
REGISTRATION AND ADMINISTRATION
Register
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org
Copyright © 2019 1 Pure Radio Network