Job Seekers: Sign inor
Create account
Employer Sign In
Home
Browse jobs
Job alerts
All employers
Career advice
Featured employers
Job Fairs & Events
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy discloses the general privacy practices for JobsHQ
JobsHQ is committed to respecting your privacy rights when visiting the JobsHQ web site. To protect your personal information, JobsHQ has adopted the guidelines outlined below.
Information Collected
While visiting the JobsHQ web site we may ask you to register and/or provide information that personally identifies you for purposes of interacting with the site. Such personal information may include, but is not limited to, your name, phone number, street address and e-mail address. On any page that collects personal information, we will specifically describe what information is required in order to provide you with the product or service.
What are Cookies?

A cookie is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your system. This element of data is a piece of text, not a program. The site can only access the information from a cookie sent by the site. We cannot access other cookies sent by other web sites or the information contained therein. Additionally, we cannot learn your e-mail address or any other information about you through the use of a cookie. The only way we would learn such information is if you specifically and voluntarily submit that information to us, for example, through a registration system, by entering a sweepstakes or promotion, etc.
Why does the site use cookies?

JobsHQ uses cookies to remember your registration information for the purpose of logging in to registered areas.
What benefits do I receive from cookies?

Overall, the use of cookies helps to give you a more personalized experience at the site. The information is used to keep our site fresh and relevant to you the user. Cookies also allow you to avoid retyping your e-mail address and password each time you access the site.
May I decline to accept a cookie?

You may decline to accept cookies sent by the site by selecting an option on your browser to reject cookies. However, some portions of the site may require registration in order to access those areas. In such cases, we ask that you register and provide us with basic information on our registration page, or sign in if previously registered. Cookies enable our server to know that you are a registered user; and will eliminate the need for you to log in each time you access our site. In addition, our registration system may require that you accept the cookies from the site in order to access that portion of the site. Other sites linked to the site may also send cookies; however we do not control such activities.
What happens with the information collected in a cookie?

The information stored in a cookie is used to identify you to our server, to allow us to personalize your experience on the site, and to serve content and communications that may be of interest to you.
IP Addresses

JobsHQ does log IP addresses, or the location of your computer on the Internet, for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes and to determine site usage.
Use of Personal Information

We believe in protecting your privacy, and will not share personal information with third parties outside of JobsHQ except as described in this Privacy Policy. We believe that we can enhance your experience on our site with the information you share with us.
All users should be aware that when they voluntarily display or distribute personal information (such as their e-mail address or resume), that information can be collected and used by others.
JobsHQ may disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to potential advertisers, partners, other third parties, our affiliate companies, and for other lawful purposes.
As part of your experience on our site, you may receive communications from us related to products and services that might interest you. While we believe these services will enhance your experience at our site, you will at all times be able to opt out from receiving these communications, either by specifically opting out of these services or by deleting your profile from our database.
We have today, and will in the future have, arrangements with third party service providers, such as credit card processors, shipping companies and fulfillment services. When you sign up for a service we offer on the site, we may be required to share Personal Information with that service provider in order to provide the service. These third party providers are not permitted to retain or use personal information for any purpose unrelated to providing the service.
We reserve the right to disclose personal information when needed to comply with the law or a legal process, cooperate with investigations of purported unlawful activities, to identify persons violating the law, or in connection with the sale of part or all of JobsHQ.
Party Collecting the Information

This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and dissemination of information that we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose any information to other parties, through your postings on or through the site or through other web sites throughout the Internet, different policies may apply and JobsHQ shall not be responsible for the use or dissemination of such information.
Links to Other Materials

Third party sites linked to and from the site are not necessarily under the control of JobsHQ. JobsHQ shall have no responsibilities or liabilities whatsoever for the content or privacy practices of any such linked site or any link or linking program at any time. JobsHQ does not necessarily endorse companies (or related products or services) to or from which the site is linked. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to the Site, you do so entirely at your own risk. JobsHQ hereby disclaims any rights to trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, copyrights, patents, domain names or other intellectual property interests of third parties.
Children's Privacy

JobsHQ cares about the safety of children and their use of the Internet. Therefore, in accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, we will never knowingly request or solicit personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent. In the event that we receive actual knowledge that we have collected such personal information without the requisite and verifiable parental consent, we will delete that information from our database as quickly as is practical.
Opting-Out

We respect your privacy and ability to choose whether to share information with us and any third party. You may choose to "opt-out" altogether from providing personal information to us by not registering on the site and thereby not providing personal information. You may also choose at a later date to have your name removed from our database. To do so, please follow the process described below. To do so, login to your account and choose delete. Certain portions of the site and certain services provided on the site, however, do require registration in order to access or use these areas and services. If you choose not to register or provide certain information, these areas will not be accessible to you.
Reviewing, Changing and Deleting Your Personal Information

You may access all of the personal information that we collect from you online and maintain by using the procedure that follows. You may also at any time choose to change or delete your profile from our database using this procedure:
Sign in by entering your user name and password. Your account information will then be displayed.
Modify your information and submit the form.
Security

JobsHQ maintains industry standard safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the personal information that you provide to JobsHQ.
Contacting Us
If you have any inquiry about our privacy policy, please contact:
JobsHQ
101 5th Street North
Fargo, ND, 58102
Phone: 888-514-4473
Email: jobs@jobshq.com
About Us Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Featured employers Job Fairs and Events Twitter feeds Post a job with us
Connect with us:
 2017 - 2019 Forum Communications Company. Powered by Madgex Job Board Platform