Home
News
Almanac
Blogs
Federations
Photos
Podcast
Results
Videos

Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
SHARE
SHARE
SHARE
SHARE
SHARE
Any and all personal information that is voluntarily offered by viewers to be collected by 2xzone.com is strictly for internal use only. This includes information sent in 2xzone.com issued surveys or emails we receive. We follow all industry standards to ensure the highest level of integrity. We do not share any collected information with any third-party sources, under any circumstances. Any data that may be collected by our sponsors is their property and is not, under any circumstances, data that falls into the possession of 2xzone.com.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.

Any personal information that is supplied in our public discussion forums, social networking pages, or public viewer feedback forums are dispensed at user's risk. Any information placed on these open forums is considered public information and is not subject to our Privacy Policy. If you have any concerns regarding privacy on 2xzone.com please send an email to twoxzone@2xzone.com.



RECENT WWE/TNA NEWS
Breaking News Jimmy "Superfly" Snuka Charged with Murder
Wade Barrett On Hiatus With WWE?
Final Summerslam Card Lineup
Former UFC Fighter Phil Baroni Jumps Railing At GFW Event!
ROH & New Japan To Make Joint Announcement
WWE Gets Major Celebrity To Guest Host Summerslam
ESPN Agrees To Summerslam Coverage
Bad News Barrett Making A Comeback in WWE?
MORE


RECENT UFC/MMA NEWS
Bill Goldberg To Fight For GLORY Kickboxing?
Anderson Silva Reportedly Denies Using PEDs
Alberto El Patron Fielding Many MMA Offers; Could Make More Money In 2015
UFC Shockingly Signs CM Punk
Details On UFC's 'Special Announcement'
King Mo Gets Another Late Opponent Change
Anderson Silva Has Injury Scare Following Training Session
Ronda Rousey's Next UFC Title Fight Made Official
MORE








Copyright 2015 2xzone.com. All rights reserved.
| About Us | Send Us A Tip | Contact Us | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | IWheadlines.com |