clear
Privacy Policy
"Ability Games" is dedicated to respect the privacy of everybody who shares personal details with us through 11wickets.com.
This privacy policy has been accumulated to serve those better who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII is details that can be used on its own or with other details to categorize, contact, or find a person, or to recognize an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy cautiously to get a clear perceptive of how we accumulate, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information according to our site.
WHAT PERSONAL DETAILS DO WE ACCUMULATE FROM THE PEOPLE THAT VISIT OUR BLOG OR SITE?
When registering on our site, you will be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number or other details.
WHEN DO WE GET THE DETAILS?
We get details from you while you register on our site, fill out a form, respond to a survey, enter details on our site, use Live Chat or when you give feedback for our services!
HOW DO WE USE YOUR DETAILS?
We might use the details we get from you when you register, make a deposit or withdraw, respond to a survey or marketing communication, browse the site, or use a few other site attributes in the following ways:
To personalize your experience and to let us to convey the type of content offerings in which you are most attracted.
To improve our site to better serves you.
To allow us to better serve to your customer service requests.
To manage a contest, promotion, survey or other site attribute.
To quickly carry out your transactions
To inquire for reviews and ratings of services
To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
  HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR DETAILS?
Our site is scrutinized on normal basis for security holes and identified vulnerabilities to make your stay to our site as safe as promising.
Your personal details is contained in secured networks and is only available by a restricted number of persons who have particular access rights to such systems, and are needed to keep the details private. In addition, all sensitive details you supply are encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We put into operation a range of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their details to keep the security of your personal details.
Each transaction is routed through gateway provider and is not stored in our servers.
DO WE USE 'COOKIES'?
Yes. Cookies are tiny files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your browser (if you let) that lets the site's or service provider's systems to identify your browser, capture and remember a few details. They are also used to help us recognize your preferences based on prior or recent site activity, which permits us to give you with better services. We also use cookies to help us accumulate total data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer enhanced site experiences and tools in the future.
WE USE COOKIES TO:
Know and save user's choices for future visits. Assemble total data about site traffic and site interactions to offer enhanced site experiences and tools in the future. We might use trusted third-party services that track these details on our behalf as well. You can opt to have your PC warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can pick to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. As the browser is slight distinct, watch your browser's Help Menu to learn the right way to adjust your cookies.
If you turn off your cookies, a few of the attributes which make your site experience more efficient may not function correctly. It won't affect the user's understanding that make your site knowledge more efficient and may not function correctly.
THIRD-PARTY DISCLOSURE
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your PII.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
We do not include or offer third-party services on our site.
YOU WILL BE NOTIFIED OF ANY PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES:
On our Privacy Policy Page
CAN CHANGE YOUR PERSONAL DETAILS:
By logging in to your account
By chatting with us or by sending us a support ticket
  HOW DOES OUR SITE HANDLE DO NOT TRACK SIGNALS?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
DOES OUR SITE LET THIRD-PARTY BEHAVIORAL TRACKING?
It's also important to note that we do not let third-party behavioral tracking
CHILDRENS DETAILS
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
11wickets.com does not knowingly accumulate any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of details on our site, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such details from our records.
CONTACTING US
We can take care of any questions, comments and concerns about our online privacy practices and policy. Please write to us at support@11wickets.com