Skip to content
FREE SHIPPING & 30 DAY RETURNS/EXCHANGES NATIONWIDE
"Close"
MEN
WOMEN
TLF OUTLET
ABOUT TLF
PICK A CURRENCY
    
    
    USD
    
      
    
      
      CAD
      
    
      
      GBP
      
    
      
      AUD
      
    
      
      EUR
      
    
      
      JPY
      
    
     Log in
Search
Cart
Home / PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
TLF APPAREL, LLC. (TLF) and its brands, including but not limited to TLF Apparel (TLF), TAKE LIFE FURTHER ("TLF"), know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting TLFApparel.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice and our Conditions of Use.
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at TLFApparel.com. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our website, and communicating with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use cookies, and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses TLFApparel.com. Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience at TLFApparel.com if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these tools exist.
E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from TLFApparel.com if your computer supports such capabilities.
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below and with subsidiaries of TLF, Inc.
Promotional Offers: Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of TLFApparel.com customers.
Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores, subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that TLF, or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of TLFApparel.com and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of TLFApparel.com, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.
With Your Consent: Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of certain TLFApparel.com features.
  Cookies And IP Addresses
TLFApparel.com also collects, uses, and monetizes IP Addresses. An IP Address is a convention of the Internet Protocol that identifies your virtual address on the internet. This IP Address is not personal to you and does not identify any of your Personal Information.
All devices connected to a network have an IP Address permitting communication to and from the device. If you connect to the Internet from your computer, then you have an IP Address that looks something like this: 209.17.654.152.
In the simplest possible terms, your IP Address contains no data that identifies you as a person. It is only a logical address allowing you to connect to others and others to locate your computer. We use an IP Address for a number of uses as set forth herein. We use an IP Address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. The IP Address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information.
Our site uses cookies (small pieces of data we store for an extended period of time on your computer, mobile phone, or other device) to keep track of your shopping cart. We use cookies for other purposes such as site personalization. You can reject cookies and still use the TLFApparel.com site; however, it will disable the ability for the site to recognize your cart, your account, and any personalization efforts.In addition to the disclosure of Personal Information to third parties as described above, TLFApparel.com may monetize or otherwise provide anonymous IP Addresses to other third parties.
TLFApparel.com sometimes employs other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples of such may include hosting our website, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links, retargeted advertising, analyzing data, etc.
These third parties have access only to IP Addresses and do not have access to your Personal Information. However, as disclosed above, TLFApparel.com may disclose Personal Information to third parties in certain limited circumstances.
  External Links
This site contains links to other sites. This Privacy Policy applies to the TLFapparel.com website and its affiliated websites only. We do not exercise control over the privacy practices or content of any of the external links. These external links may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data, or solicit personal information from you.
  Opting Out Of Sharing Information With Third Party Partners For Marketing Purposes
If you choose NOT to have information used by our third party partners for marketing purposes, please visit:http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. From this site, you can use the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-out Tool to opt out of having our marketing partners deliver ads tailored to your Web preferences and usage patterns, or directly for Google Ad Network: https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
  Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit TLFApparel.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Florida. If you have any concern about privacy at TLFApparel.com, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use may change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes to our Privacy Notice. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
GDPR/EU Privacy Policy
If you wish to read our recent updates regarding the GDPR/EU Privacy Policy, click here. 
Last updated on June 19th, 2011  TLF.
EXTERNAL LINKS
This site contains links to other sites. This Privacy Policy applies to the TLFapparel.com website and its affiliated websites only. We do not exercise control over the privacy practices or content of any of the external links. These external links may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data, or solicit personal information from you.
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
YouTube
ABOUT TLF
TECHNOLOGIES
TLF WANTS YOU
TLF ATHLETES
CAREERS
REVIEWS
TLF BLOG
WHOLESALE INQUIRIES
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS & CONDITIONS
HELP
FAQ
SHIPPING POLICY
INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING
RETURNS & EXCHANGES
TRY IT BEFORE YOU BUY
ORDER STATUS
SHOP
MEN
WOMEN
ACCESSORIES
TLF OUTLET
GIFT CARDS
CONTACT US
CONTACT TLF