Courier Delivery Service | 1-800Courier Privacy Policy
We realize that privacy and security are at the core of our relationship with our customers. We are committed to maintaining the confidentiality of your private information and we use the latest security technology to protect your sensitive data.
We don't sell, rent, or loan our customer's names, e-mail addresses or personal information to anyone at any time for any reason. The only messages you receive will be from us. This includes automatic order and dispatch confirmation e-mails generated upon receipt of your order and, only if you choose, an occasional e-mail to notify you about special promotions or new services.
The site uses visitors' IP addresses to help diagnose problems with its web server, and to administer the site. The site uses cookies to save registered users' user ID. and password, if they choose. The reason for this is so that registered users don't have to re-enter this information each time they visit the site. Visitors also have a choice of rejecting a served cookie. Rejecting a cookie does not prohibit visitors from accessing and using all the services provided through the site.
The site's customization form requires users to submit contact information (such as their name and e-mail address). The contact information is used to contact the registered users when necessary (e.g., to confirm a shipment order). Registered users may always opt-out of receiving future mailings (see the choice/opt-out section below). The other optional information collected during registration is used to enhance the user's experience on the site and to provide a personalized "your Account" service. Other optional information collected includes courier preferences and frequently used ship from and ship to addresses. This information is collected to save users time by not making them re-enter the data each time they visit the site.
The site uses an order form for visitors to request information, products, and services. The site collects visitors' contact information (such as their e-mail address) and financial information (such as their credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to fulfill the service, and financial information is used to bill for the service, when ordered. The site collects the address of the receiving party solely for purpose of adding it to the shipper's address book and is not shared with any outside party. The user can choose not to have the receiver's address added to their address book simply by un-checking the "Add to Address Book" box when ordering a shipment. Only the aggregate information, such as the most frequently used courier or service, or the most frequently shipped to city, state and zip code may be shared with couriers without revealing the individual identity and contact information of the shipper or receiver.
This site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Quickly get a quote for your item. Don't wait up!
Special run, not sure we can do it? We can do it. Give us the details.
East Coast
Atlanta
Baltimore
Boston
Brooklyn
Charlotte
Hartford
Manhattan
Miami
New Jersey
New York
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Queens
Raleigh
Staten Island
Tampa
The Bronx
Washington DC
Mid West
Columbus
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Detroit
Indianapolis
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Memphis
Minneapolis
Milwaukee
St. Louis
Central
Austin
Birmingham
Dallas
Denver
Houston
Nashville
Phoenix
San Antonio
West Coast
Anaheim
Beverly Hills
Burlingame
Hollywood
Irvine
Las Vegas
Long Beach
Los Angeles
Oakland
Orange County
Palo Alto
Pasadena
Portland
Redwood City
Riverside
Sacramento
San Diego
San Francisco
San Jose
San Mateo
Santa Monica
Seattle
Sunnyvale
Affiliates
Courier Service
National Courier Service
Retail Courier Services
Los Angeles Florist
Atlanta Florist
HOME | ABOUT US | TRACKING | NEWS | AFFILIATES | RELATED LINKS | SUPPORT | COVERAGE | MOBILE VIEW | TERMS & CONDITIONS | PRIVACY | SITEMAP | CONTACT
Copyright 2001- 2019 1-800Courier - A Need It Now Delivers Company | FORM