Skip to content
4Witness
For Christian Witness to Jehovahs Witnesses and Mormons
MENU
Privacy Policy
0
PRIVACY POLICY  of Witnesses for Jesus, Inc
Information we collect and how we use it:
This website https://www.4witness.org is associated with the ministry, Witnesses for Jesus, Inc.  We take the privacy of our website visitors and financial contributors seriously. We do not use browser cookies to collect information about your computer settings or preferences, but we do track general user-traffic patterns through google analytics. We record information from your server and browser, including your IP address, the pages you visited and the time and length of your visit on our website. However, the information we gather through the use of our website tracking technologies, cannot be matched with any identifiable personal information about you.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Information you provide:
When you contact us through email, phone and/or mail, we collect personal information from you (such as your name, email address, phone number and/or mailing address). We use this information to keep in contact with you through mailings and email correspondence. If you order any of our ministry resource materials or you financially contribute to our ministry, we collect the (above) personal information as well as the details of the products you order from us and your financial transaction history with us. However, we do not collect or store the credit card or bank information you provide because we contract with verified third parties (Paypal, ApplePay and Amazon.com) for all of our credit card and bank transactions submitted online. See Paypal.coms Privacy Policy. We keep your personal information confidential with limited access allowed only to employees in our donor relations department, financial book keepers and CPAs. We do not share your personal information with any other third-party individuals, non-profit organizations, or corporations for any marketing purposes.
Communication:
When you send an email or other communication to us, we may retain a record of your communications with us in order to respond to your inquiries, improve our services, or publish the correspondence on our website or newsletter. By sending an email or letter to Witnesses for Jesus Inc or to any of our Ministry Team volunteers, you agree to the following conditions: Witnesses for Jesus, Inc. has permission to publish (or not to publish) in whole or part any email or letter received on our website, in books, and in other printed matter. Witnesses for Jesus, Inc. retains permission from the author to reprint/post the email or letter, in whole or in part, indefinitely. Quoted emails or letters will not contain the e-mail address, full name of the sender, or physical address.
Donor Privacy:
We have strict policies to safeguard the personal information of our financial contributors. We do not sell or trade our donors personal information with any third party non-profit or entity. Except where required by law, we do not publish the names of donors. The names of donors are not used to encourage others to financially support our ministry.
Procedure for Updating Personal Information or Opting Out from Receiving Correspondence:
At any time you may contact us to update your personal information with us. You may request to be put on our mailing list to receive our printed newsletters by mail, or to receive our monthly ministry email updates. You may likewise opt-out from receiving this correspondence by contacting us by email, phone, or mail. When you contact us, please be sure to include any of the personal information relevant to your request. For example, if you contact us to request to be put on our mailing list or to opt-out from receiving our printed letters, you will need to include your name and mailing address so that we can comply with your request and properly add, update, or remove your personal information from our records.
Notice of changes to this privacy policy:
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time, but we expect that most changes will be minor, and we will always post any changes on this page. However, if the changes are significant, we will provide email notification of the Policy changes to users who have provided us with their email address. If you have additional questions or concerns about this Policy, please feel free to contact us through this website, or by writing: Witnesses for Jesus, PO Box 50911, Colorado Springs, CO 80949 USA.
This post is also available in: Spanish
English
SEARCH
Search for:
RECENT POSTS
Mormon Church Facing Class Action Lawsuit for Deception
Major Lawsuit Against the Governing Body of Jehovahs Witnesses
3 Questions to Ask Leading People to Jesus
Laughter is Good Medicine!
Mormon vs Christian Conversations on the Trinity
FREE RESOURCES
DONATE
  DONATE
  CONNECT WITH US
    HOW TO HELP
  GET THE FREE APP
Witnesses for Jesus App
  Copyright  2019 4Witness
Design by ThemesDNA.com
English
Espaol (Spanish)