Home
Crochet Patterns
Cricut Crafts
Sewing Tutorials
Other Crafts
Crochet Videos
Cricut Videos
About Me
Contact
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
5 Little Monsters found at https://www.5littlemonsters.com (“Website”) is governed by the following privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”).

We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you what personally identifiable information we may collect and how it may be used. This statement only applies to this Website.

WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND HOW IS IT USED?

Information You Voluntarily Submit to the Website: We may collect personal information from you such as your name or email address. For example, you may voluntarily submit information to the Website by leaving a comment, or subscribing to a newsletter

Information We Collect from Others: The Website utilizes the Google commenting system, so if you choose to comment on a Website post, your profile picture may appear.

Automatically-Collected Information: We automatically collect certain information about you and the device with which you access the Website. For example, when you use the Website, we will log your IP address, operating system type, browser type, referring website, pages you viewed, and the dates/times when you accessed the Website. We may also collect information about actions you take when using the Website, such as links clicked.

Cookies: We may log information using cookies, which are small data files stored on your browser by the Website. We may use both session cookies, which expire when you close your browser, and persistent cookies, which stay on your browser until deleted, to provide you with a more personalized experience on the Website.

HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE USED

We may use the information collected in the following ways:
To operate and maintain the Website;
To send you promotional information, such as newsletters. Each email promotion     will provide information on how to opt-out of future mailings;
To send you administrative communications, such as administrative emails, confirmation emails, technical notices, updates on policies, or security alerts;
To respond to your comments or inquiries;
To provide you with user support;
To track and measure advertising on the Website;
To protect, investigate, and deter against unauthorized or illegal activity.

THIRD-PARTY USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

We may share your information with third parties when you explicitly authorize us to share your information.

Additionally, the Website may use third-party service providers to service various aspects of the Website. Each third-party service provider’s use of your personal information is dictated by their respective privacy policies.

5 Little Monsters currently uses the following third-party service providers:

Google Analytics – this service tracks Website usage and provides information such as referring websites and user actions on the Website. Google Analytics may capture your IP address, but no other personal information is captured by Google Analytics.

Mail Chimp – this service is used for delivery of email updates and newsletters. We store your name and email address for purposes of delivering such communications.  Please refer to Mail Chimp’s privacy policy for further information.
At this time, your personal information is not shared with any other third-party applications. This list may be amended from time to time in the Website’s sole discretion.
Except when required by law, we will not sell, distribute, or reveal your email addresses or other personal information without your consent.

ANONYMOUS DATA

From time to time, we may use anonymous data, which does not identify you alone, or when combined with data from other parties. This type of anonymous data may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. Examples of this anonymous data may include analytics or information collected from cookies.

PUBLICLY VISIBLE INFORMATION

If you leave a comment certain information may be publicly visible.  Users may see your username, avatar, profile description and website information.

COOKIES

The Website uses cookies to store visitors’ preferences, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads, customize Website content based on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends. Cookies may also be used by third-party services, such as Google Analytics, as described herein.
Users may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies, by the Website, by using a corresponding setting of your internet browser and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an Internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all popular Internet browsers. However, if users deactivate the setting of cookies in your Internet browser, not all functions of our Website may be entirely usable.

ADVERTISING 

Display Ads
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve content and advertisements when you visit the Website, which may use cookies, as noted above. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices to opt-in or opt-out of this data collection, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.

Retargeting Ads
From time to time, the Website may engage in remarketing efforts with third-party companies, such as Google, Facebook, or Instagram, in order to market the Website. These companies use cookies to serve ads based on someone's past visits to the Website.
Facebook: Opt-out of Facebook remarketing here
Google: Opt-out of Google remarketing here

Affiliate Program Participation
The Website may engage in affiliate marketing, which is done by embedding tracking links into the Website. If you click on a link for an affiliate partnership, a cookie will be placed on your browser to track any sales for purposes of commissions.

5 Little Monsters is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and links to Amazon.com.  As part of this Amazon Associates program, the Website will post customized links, provided by Amazon, to track the referrals to their website. This program utilizes cookies to track visits for the purposes of assigning commission on these sales.

5 Little Monsters also uses various affiliate programs through Shareasale.

NEWSLETTERS

On the Website, you may subscribe to our newsletter, which may be used for advertising purposes. All newsletters sent may contain tracking pixels. The pixel is embedded in emails and allows an analysis of the success of online marketing campaigns. Because of these tracking pixels, we may see if and when you open an email and which links within the email you click. Also, this allows the Website to adapt the content of future newsletters to the interests of the user. This behavior will not be passed on to third parties.

RIGHTS RELATED TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

Opt-out – You may opt-out of future email communications by following the unsubscribe links in our emails.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes or to complete transactions, or when required by law.

SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION

At no time should you submit sensitive personal information to the Website. This includes your social security number, information regarding race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, health information, criminal background, or trade union memberships. If you elect to submit such information to us, it will be subject to this Privacy Policy.

CHILDREN'S INFORMATION

The Website does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 16. If a parent or guardian believes that the Website has personally identifiable information of a child under the age of 16 in its database, please contact us immediately at erica@5littlemonsters.com and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.

CONTACT INFORMATION


At any time, please contact us at erica@5littlemonsters.com for questions related to this Privacy Policy. 
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to Twitter
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
No comments :
Post a Comment
Home
Subscribe to: Posts ( Atom )
Subscribe to our mailing list
Popular Posts
Bead Stitch Crochet Hat
Crocheted Unicorn Hat with Flowers
Easy Ribbed Crocheted Pumpkin
Crocheted Cotton Face Scrubbies
Crocheted Pumpkins In Two Sizes: Free Pattern
What I've written about
crochet Cricut free pattern Iron on quick and easy Fairfield World Christmas kids sewing vinyl girls amigurumi halloween hats bags paint christmas gifts baby pillow home decor baby gift ideas gift ideas scarf Easter animals t-shirts Valentine's day ornaments shirt tutorial dishcloths CCBG fall geek crafts back to school gifts paper Darice craft bloggers printables LDS embroidery wood boys doll stocking stuffer Link Party accessories baby blankets clothing cowl felt giveaway kid crafts video washcloths SYTYC spring yarn Craftaholics Anonymous review Oriental Trading plaid crafts round-up toys Thanksgiving quilting sign summer unicorn video tutorial 5 Little Monsters crochet stitch patchwork 4th of July Mother's Day kindness pumpkin top ten EasyPress Friday Freebies crochet technique nativity winter Harry Potter afghan basket blog conference flowers kitchen self-striping yarn superheroes DecoArt Red Heart Yarns Star Wars advent bookmark canvas coasters family infusible ink outdoor snap stripes ASL CAL Disney Doctor Who Kids Can Do football how to knitting loom online tutorials owl sewing with kids svg LEGO Pokemon Stash Bust activity blanket cards charity chipboard costume fabric food hair clips knife blade knit leather mod podge office parties rainbow recipe washi tape Cuttlebug Father's Day HP St. Patrick's Day art birthday book review books boot cuffs breakfast coloring craft supplies creative rut creativity cupcakes dessert dress up glitter graduation gratitude hand drawn jewelry lesson maker movies photos rock painting stencil stocking teacher appreciation tie-dye variegated yarn window cling women wool wreath
Disclosure and Copyright Information
This blog is a personal blog written and edited by me, Erica Dietz. As the owner of this blog, I may accept forms of cash advertising or sponsorship as well as free product to use in my projects. I will always share my honest opinions and only recommend products that I would use myself. I am a member of the Amazon Affiliate Program and I may include affiliate links in some of my posts.

All of the photos and patterns/tutorials that I share are my own unless otherwise indicated. If I use a picture from another site credit will be given. If you would like to share one of my projects you may use one picture from my post as long as credit is given to me and it is linked back to my original post. Do not copy the actual patterns or tutorials to share on another site.

You are welcome to sell items made using my patterns. Please share where you found the pattern, a link to the pattern if selling online would be greatly appreciated.

5 Little Monsters
Follow On 
Blog Archive
▼  2019 ( 86 )
▼  September ( 9 )
Trick or Treat Pumpkin Shirt
Cricut Be Kind Challenge and Kindness Design Round...
Flower-Filled Pumpkin
Yarn Wrapped Pumpkin
Easy Halloween Pillow Boxes
Puff Stitch Stripes Hat
Toddler Skeleton Shirt
Welcome to Our Web
Happy Birthday Coupon Book with New Cricut Tools
►  August ( 18 )
►  July ( 10 )
►  June ( 8 )
►  May ( 7 )
►  April ( 9 )
►  March ( 3 )
►  February ( 11 )
►  January ( 11 )
►  2018 ( 126 )
►  2017 ( 96 )
►  2016 ( 90 )
►  2015 ( 113 )
►  2014 ( 26 )
Powered by Blogger.