  How it Works! | Success Stories | Free Tips | Products | Articles |  About | Contact | Cart
      Think Right Now Privacy

Inteletext/Think Right Now Int'l has always been committed to maintaining the accuracy, confidentiality, and security of your personal and corporate information. We have established Privacy Principles to govern our use of customer information.

Inteletext/Think Right Now Int'l does not sell, share or distribute Customer Information to any third party organization.

Accountability
Inteletext/Think Right Now Int'l is responsible for maintaining and protecting customer information under its control.

Identifying Purposes
The purposes for which customer information is collected shall be identified before or at the time the information is collected.

Consent
The knowledge and consent of the customer are required for the collection, use or disclosure of customer information except where required or permitted by law.

Limiting Collection
The customer information collected must be limited to those details necessary for the purposes identified by Inteletext/Think Right Now Int'l Information must be collected by fair and lawful means.

Limiting Use, Disclosure and Retention
Customer information may only be used or disclosed for the purpose for which it was collected unless the customer has otherwise consented, or when it is required or permitted by law. Customer information may only be retained for the period of time required to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected.

Accuracy
Customer information must be maintained in as accurate, complete and up-to-date form as is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it is to be used.

Safeguarding Customer Information
Customer information must be protected by security safeguards that are appropriate to the sensitivity level of the information.

Openness
Inteletext/Think Right Now Int'l is required to make information available to customers concerning the policies and practices that apply to the management of their information.

Customer Access
Upon request, a customer shall be informed of the existence, use and disclosure of their information, and shall be given access to it. Customers may verify the accuracy and completeness of their information, and may request that it be amended, if appropriate.

Terms and Conditions

Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.

Handling Customer Complaints and Suggestions
Customers may direct any questions or inquiries with respect to the privacy principles outlined above or about our practices by contacting the designated person(s) accountable for privacy at Inteletext/Think Right Now Int'l.

If you would like to unsubscribe, use the links at the bottom of any email newsletter you receive from Think Right Now. Or snail mail at Think Right Now International, 7879 Broadfield Road, Manlius, NY 13104, or call us at 1-315-692-2354.



. .
Mike Brescia's straight talk about health, business & success in life
Name:

Email:

Privacy Policy:
We never sell, rent or give away
emails for any reason.



Secure online orders
24 hrs/day
  Phone/Mail Order
Shipping Information
Safe Shopping


  . .
  Call Monday-Friday
and talk to our friendly,
knowledgeable staff

9:30am-4:30pm  ET
8:30am-3:30pm CT
7:30AM-2:30PM MT
6:30AM-1:30PM PT
1-315-692-2354 
    Catalog | Policies | Shipping Info | Safe Shopping | Affiliates
Copyright  2017 Think Right Now! International, Inc. 7879 Broadfield Rd. Manlius, NY 13104 USA
Orders (315) 692-2354       Info (315)692-2354      
           