Welcome
Top
Treats
Fun!
Healthy
Dinners
Faking It!
Resources
Contact
Tell your story
Privacy Policy
THe 20 Minute Cook
GO TO: Disclaimer | Copyright
We recognize that your privacy is important. This document outlines the types of personal information we receive and collect when you use " 20minutecook.com",  as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard information. We hope this will help you make an informed decision about sharing personal information with us.
" 20minutecook.com"  strives to maintain the highest standards of decency, fairness and integrity in all our operations. Likewise, we are dedicated to protecting our customers', consumers' and online visitors' privacy on our website.




Personal Information
" 20minutecook.com" collects personally identifiable data from the visitors to our website only on a voluntary basis. Personal data collected on a voluntary basis may include name, postal address, email address, company name and telephone number.
This is collected if you make enquiries from us, participate in a contest or sweepstakes, and sign up to join our email list or request some other service or information from us. The data collected is internally reviewed, used to improve the content of our website, notify our visitors of updates, and respond to visitor inquiries.
Once reviewed, it is discarded or stored in our files. If we make material changes in the collection of personally identifiable data we will inform you by placing a notice on our site. Personal information received from any visitor will be used only for internal purposes and will not be sold or provided to third parties.
Use of Cookies and Web Beacons
We may use cookies to help you personalize your online experience. Cookies are identifiers that are transferred to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize the sites pages, or register with any of our site's services, a cookie enables " 20minutecook.com" to recall your specific data on subsequent visits.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying your Web browser; however, if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the site.
A web beacon is a transparent image file used to monitor your journey around a single website or collection of sites. They are also referred to as web bugs and are commonly used by sites that hire third-party services to monitor traffic. They may be used in association with cookies to understand how visitors interact with the pages and content on the pages of a website.
We may serve third-party advertisements that use cookies and web beacons in the course of ads being served on our website to ascertain how many times you've seen an advertisement. No personally identifiable information you give us is provided to them for cookie or web beacon use, so they cannot personally identify you with that information on our web site.
You can set your browser to accept or reject cookies or notify you when a cookie is being sent. You also can use privacy software to override web beacons. Taking either of these actions shouldn't cause a problem with our site, should you so choose. (See also "Google and Third-Party Ad Serving" and "Opting Out of Interest-Based Advertising," below.)
Google and Third-Party Ad Serving
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, Click Here.
Google serves ads on this site, and certifies vendors for third-party ads. You can find a list of these vendors and ad networks Here.
You may visit those websites to opt out of cookies (if the vendor or ad network offers this capability). Alternatively, you can Click Here or Here to opt out of some, but not all, of these cookies in one location.
Opting Out of Interest-Based Advertising
Ad networks and third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to this website. Google uses the DoubleClick cookie, which enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visits to this site and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting Ads Settings.
Alternatively, you can Click Here or Here to opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies for interest-based advertising.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
This website is directed to adults; it is not directed to children under the age of 13. We operate our site in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, and will not knowingly collect or use personal information from anyone under 13 years of age.
Non-Personal Information
In some cases, we may collect data about you that is not personally identifiable. We use this data, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer this website, to track users' movements within this website and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. The data collected is used solely for internal review and not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
Release of Information
If " 20minutecook.com" is sold, the data we have obtained from you through your voluntary participation in our site may transfer to the new owner as a part of the sale in order that the service being provided to you may continue. In that event, you will receive notice through our website of that change in control and practices, and we will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the purchaser honors any opt-out requests you might make of us.
How You Can Correct or Remove Your Data
We provide this policy as a statement to you of our commitment to protect your personal records. If you have submitted personal data  through our website and would like that deleted from our records or would like to update or correct it, please request changes using our Contact page.
Updates and Effective Date
" 20minutecook.com" reserves the right to make changes in this policy. If there is a material change in our privacy practices, we will indicate on our site that our practices have changed and provide a link to the new policy. We encourage you to periodically review this policy so that you will know what data we collect and how we use it.
Agreeing to Terms
If you do not agree to " 20minutecook.com's"  Privacy Policy as posted here on this website, please do not use this site or any services offered by this site.
Your use of this site indicates acceptance of this privacy policy.



20 Minute Easy Recipes  The 20 Minute Cook's Privacy Policy





Comments



















Essentials













Pumpkin and
Feta Pie


Homemade
Chocolate Cake




The 20 Minute Cook


[?]Subscribe to The 20 Minute Cook's Blog!










Share this page: 
Whats this?
Facebook Twitter
Enjoy this page? Please pay it forward. Here's how...


    About    Privacy   Disclaimer Copyright   Affiliate Disclosure   Search   Site Map

By Gen  Copyright 20MinuteCook.com 2012 - 2015
Caution: 20MinuteCook.com will report copyright violators to Google. Websites that take images or imitate content can lose their Google Adsense and/or publishing privileges.
Disclosure: Please know that if you make a purchase by clicking on a link or banner ad on this page,  I may earn a commission. I am very grateful for your support of this site. Thank you.
Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies. Learn more.Got it!