SUBSCRIBE
Skip to primary navigation
Skip to main content
Skip to primary sidebar
Skip to footer
DISCLAIMER & PRIVACY POLICY
DISCLOSURE
Information presented on 24 Carrot Kitchen is intended for informational and educational purposes only and is not meant to be taken as medical advice. The views expressed on this website are personal opinions only and should not be construed as medical advice for your given situation. While all attempts are made to present accurate information, it may not be appropriate for your specific circumstances and information may become outdated over time. I am not a medical doctor and you should seek out a professional before making any medical decisions. Please make sure to do your own due diligence and seek a trusted medical professional before making any medical decisions of your own.
Neither 24 Carrot Kitchen nor its members make any representations as to the validity, accuracy, completeness, or suitability of any claims made here. Neither 24 Carrot Kitchen nor its members assume any liability with regard to medical results based on the use of the information provided here. Furthermore, advertisers, commenters, and linked sites are solely responsible for their views and content – which do not necessarily represent the views of 24 Carrot Kitchen or its members.
MEDICAL ADVICE
This website does not provide any medical advice. Information on this website is provided for informational purposes only and is not intended as a substitute for the advice provided by your physician or other healthcare professional or any information contained on or in any product label or packaging. You should not use the information on this website for diagnosing or treating a health problem or disease or prescribing any medication or other treatment. You should always speak with your physician or other healthcare professionals before taking any medication or nutritional, herbal or homeopathic supplement, or adopting any treatment for a health problem. For any products or services purchased from affiliate websites, you should read carefully all product packaging and instructions. If you have or suspect that you have a medical problem, promptly contact your health care provider. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking professional advice because of something you have read on this website. Information provided on this website and the use of any products or services purchased from affiliates by you DOES NOT create a nurse-patient relationship between you and any of the nurses affiliated with this website. Information and statements regarding dietary supplements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
PRIVACY POLICY
24 Carrot Kitchen found at https://www.24carrotkitchen.com/ (“Website”) is governed by the following privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”).
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you what personally identifiable information we may collect and how it may be used. This statement only applies to this Website.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND HOW IS IT USED?
Information You Voluntarily Submit to the Website: We may collect personal information from you such as your name or email address. For example, you may voluntarily submit information to the Website by leaving a comment, subscribing to a newsletter, or submitting a contact form. In addition, you are able to create a user profile, which allows you to create a username and password. We will store the username, but your password will not be visible in our records.
Information We Collect from Others: We may receive information about you from other sources.  You may link your Facebook, Instagram, and/or Google accounts to your user profile.  If you choose to link your Facebook, Instagram, and/or Google accounts to your user profile, we will receive your name, email address and profile picture associated with that account.  The Website utilizes the Facebook commenting system, so if you choose to comment on a Website post, your profile picture will appear.
Automatically-Collected Information: We automatically collect certain information about you and the device with which you access the Website. For example, when you use the Website, we will log your IP address, operating system type, browser type, referring website, pages you viewed, and the dates/times when you accessed the Website. We may also collect information about actions you take when using the Website, such as links clicked.
Cookies: We may log information using cookies, which are small data files stored on your browser by the Website. We may use both session cookies, which expire when you close your browser, and persistent cookies, which stay on your browser until deleted, to provide you with a more personalized experience on the Website.
HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE USED
We may use the information collected in the following ways:
To operate and maintain the Website;
To create your account, identify you as a user of the Website, and customize the Website for your account;
To send you promotional information, such as newsletters. Each email promotion will provide information on how to opt-out of future mailings;
To send you administrative communications, such as administrative emails, confirmation emails, technical notices, updates on policies, or security alerts;
To respond to your comments or inquiries;
To provide you with user support;
To track and measure advertising on the Website;
To protect, investigate, and deter against unauthorized or illegal activity.
THIRD-PARTY USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may share your information with third parties when you explicitly authorize us to share your information.
Additionally, the Website may use third-party service providers to service various aspects of the Website. Each third-party service provider’s use of your personal information is dictated by their respective privacy policies.
The Website currently uses the following third-party service providers:
Google Analytics – this service tracks Website usage and provides information such as referring websites and user actions on the Website. Google Analytics may capture your IP address, but no other personal information is captured by Google Analytics.
Mail Chimp – this service is used for delivery of email updates and newsletters. We store your name and email address for purposes of delivering such communications.  Please refer to Mail Chimp’s privacy policy for further information.
Mailerlite – this service is used for delivery of email updates and newsletters. We store your name and email address for purposes of delivering such communications.  Please refer to Mailerlite’s privacy policy for further information.
At this time, your personal information is not shared with any other third-party applications. This list may be amended from time to time in the Website’s sole discretion.
Except when required by law, we will not sell, distribute, or reveal your email addresses or other personal information without your consent; however, we may disclose or transfer personal information collected through the Website to third parties who acquire all or a portion of our business, which may be the result of a merger, consolidation, or purchase of all or a portion of our assets, or in connection with any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding brought by or against us.
ANONYMOUS DATA
From time to time, we may use anonymous data, which does not identify you alone, or when combined with data from other parties. This type of anonymous data may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. Examples of this anonymous data may include analytics or information collected from cookies.
PUBLICLY VISIBLE INFORMATION
If you create a user profile on the Website or leave a comment, certain information may be publicly visible.  To create a user profile, you must choose a username and password and input your email address for profile confirmation.  Your email address will never be available publicly.  At your option, you may also add an avatar, a profile description, and a link to your website.
You may also choose to link your Facebook, Instagram, and Google Account.
Users may see your username, avatar, profile description, and website information.
COOKIES
The Website uses cookies to store visitors’ preferences, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads, customize Website content based on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends. Cookies may also be used by third-party services, such as Google Analytics, as described herein.
Users may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies, by the Website, by using a corresponding setting of your internet browser and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an Internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all popular Internet browsers. However, if users deactivate the setting of cookies in your Internet browser, not all functions of our Website may be entirely usable.
ADVERTISING
Display Ads
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve content and advertisements when you visit the Website, which may use cookies, as noted above.
Retargeting Ads
From time to time, the Website may engage in remarketing efforts with third-party companies, such as Google, Facebook, or Instagram, in order to market the Website. These companies use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Website.
Affiliate Program Participation
The Website may engage in affiliate marketing, which is done by embedding tracking links into the Website. If you click on a link for an affiliate partnership, a cookie will be placed on your browser to track any sales for purposes of commissions.
24 Carrot Kitchen is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and links to Amazon.com.  As part of this Amazon Associates program, the Website will post customized links, provided by Amazon, to track the referrals to their website. This program utilizes cookies to track visits for the purposes of assigning commission on these sales.
Newsletters
On the Website, you may subscribe to our newsletter, which may be used for advertising purposes. All newsletters sent may contain tracking pixels. The pixel is embedded in emails and allows an analysis of the success of online marketing campaigns. Because of these tracking pixels, we may see if and when you open an email and which links within the email you click. Also, this allows the Website to adapt the content of future newsletters to the interests of the user. This behavior will not be passed on to third parties.
RIGHTS RELATED TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Opt-out – You may opt-out of future email communications by following the unsubscribe links in our emails. You may also notify us at 24carrotkitchen@comcast.net (email) to be removed from our mailing list.
Access – You may access the personal information we have about you by submitting a request to 24carrotkitchen@comcast.net (email)
Amend – You may contact us at 24carrotkitchen@comcast.net (email) to amend or update your personal information.
Forget – In certain situations, you may request that we erase or forget your personal data. To do so, please submit a request to 24carrotkitchen@comcast.net (email).
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes or to complete transactions, or when required by law.
SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
At no time should you submit sensitive personal information to the Website. This includes your social security number, information regarding race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, health information, criminal background, or trade union memberships. If you elect to submit such information to us, it will be subject to this Privacy Policy.
CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
The Website does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 16. If a parent or guardian believes that the Website has personally identifiable information of a child under the age of 16 in its database, please contact us immediately at  24carrotkitchen@comcast.net (email) and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
CONTACT INFORMATION
At any time, please contact us at 24carrotkitchen@comcast.net (email) for questions related to this Privacy Policy.
Last updated: May 6, 2018.
PRIMARY SIDEBAR
HI AND WELCOME!
Looking for delicious allergy-friendly recipes and tips? I'm Christine, recipe creator, photographer & lover of all things chocolate!
Search
CATEGORIES
Categories
 Select Category
 Beverages
 Bread
 Breakfast
 Brownies
 Cake
 Cookies
 Dairy Free
 Dessert
    Gluten Free
    Grain Free
 Dinner
 Dog Biscuits
 Dressings
 Dressings/Sauces
 Favorites
 Food Sensitivities
 Gluten Free
 Grain Free
 Healthy
    Dairy Free
 How to
 Kale
 Non-Paleo
 Pizza
 Salad
 Seasonal and Holidays
 Side Dish
 Slow Cooker
 Smoothie
 Snack
 Soup
 Trail Mix
 Travel
 Uncategorized
 Vegan
 Vegetarian
 Whole30 Recipes
ARCHIVES
Archives
   
   Select Month
     May 2019 
  April 2019 
  March 2019 
  February 2019 
  January 2019 
  December 2018 
  November 2018 
  October 2018 
  September 2018 
  August 2018 
  May 2018 
  April 2018 
  March 2018 
  February 2018 
  January 2018 
  December 2017 
  November 2017 
  October 2017 
  September 2017 
  August 2017 
  July 2017 
  June 2017 
  May 2017 
  April 2017 
  March 2017 
  February 2017 
  December 2016 
  November 2016 
  October 2016 
  May 2016 
  March 2016 
  February 2016 
  January 2016 
  December 2015 
  November 2015 
  October 2015 
  September 2015 
  August 2015 
  July 2015 
  January 2015 
  November 2014 
  October 2014 
  September 2014 
  August 2014 
  July 2014 
  June 2014 
  March 2014 
  January 2014 
  December 2013 
  November 2013 
  October 2013 
  September 2013 
  August 2013 
  July 2013 
  June 2013 
  May 2013 
  April 2013 
  March 2013 
  February 2013 
  January 2013 
  December 2012 
  September 2012 
   POPULAR POSTS
AMAZON ASSOCIATE DISCLOSURE
AS AN AMAZON ASSOCIATE, I EARN FROM QUALIFYING PURCHASES.
FOOTER
ABOUT CHRISTINE GALVANI
Foodie recipe creator of delicious grain, gluten, and dairy-free recipes for 5+ years. Nature lover, adventure seeker, wife, mom, dog mom. I love to create clean eating, real food recipes that everyone loves.
Read more about me here!
MY FAVORITES
COPYRIGHT © 2019 · 24 CARROT KITCHEN PRIVACY POLICY. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.