About Careers Advertising CNE CNX
Brands
Last Revised: May 25, 2018
Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement
1. Introduction and Definitions
2. The Types of Data Acquired About You
3. How We Acquire Your Data
4. How We Use Your Data
5. Sharing Your Data for Marketing; Opt-Out; How to Update Your Data
6. Cookies and Related Technologies; Do Not Track (DNT)
7. Online Behavioral Advertising (OBA) and How to Opt-Out of OBA
8. Transfer of Your Data Among Jurisdictions
9. Data Security and Notification
10. Notice to California Customers - Your Privacy Rights
11. Notice to Residents of the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland
12. Privacy Policy Coordinator
This Privacy Policy governs all websites, apps, and other Services that link to, or contain references to, this document and are published or made available by Cond Nast, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (we, us or our).  Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.  It summarizes the various ways we acquire and treat your Data when you access, visit and/or use the Service.  It also governs your Data that we may acquire offline. This Privacy Policy does not cover information collected on sites, applications, destinations, or services linked to from the Service that we do not own or control.
You can access this Privacy Policy any time in the footer of the Services home page, via the menu button/hamburger icon or on the Service description screen, or as otherwise indicated depending on the Service you are using.  By purchasing a Product, registering for any aspect of the Service, or otherwise accessing, visiting or using the Service, you consent to this Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, you should not access, visit and/or use the Service.  We advise that you print or retain a digital copy a copy of this Privacy Policy for future reference.
In addition to reviewing this Privacy Policy, please also review our User Agreement and any other terms and conditions that may be posted elsewhere in the Service or otherwise communicated to our users, because the User Agreement and all such terms and conditions are also part of the Agreement between you and us.
All capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy that are not otherwise defined have the meanings set forth in the Glossary.  Personally Identifiable Information that alone or in combination with other information or in certain contexts can be used to identify, distinguish or trace you or your Device(s) is referred to in this document as PII.  PII, together with all other information about you and/or your Device(s) that we acquire is referred to collectively as your Data.
This Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time, so check back often.  So that you are aware changes have been made, we will adjust the Last Revised date at the beginning of this document.  If we make a significant change in the way we use or share your PII, we will also post on the Service a prominent notice that a change was made. Continued access of the Service by you will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to the Privacy Policy.
If you don't agree to the terms contained in this Privacy Policy, you must immediately exit the Service.
Contact Us
Press
News
 2019 Cond Nast. All rights reserved.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (updated 5/25/2018) and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement (updated 5/25/2018). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Cond Nast. AdChoices.