Skip to content
FREE STANDARD SHIPPING ON ALL US ORDERS
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy sets out the guidelines for how any information that is collected through normal use of this website is used. We at 7Diamonds are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain identifying information when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
WHAT WE COLLECT
We may collect the following information:
Name
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information, which we think you may find interesting using the email address, which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
SECURITY
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information collected on our website.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. It should be noted that we do not have any control over information contained on external websites. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information provided whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes.
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at customerservice@7diamonds.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties, which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information, which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to 15778 Gateway Cir, Tustin, CA 92780.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
COOKIES
We use cookies and pixel tags and other tracking technologies on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitors hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. 
You can set your browser not to accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the opportunity to decide whether or not to accept it.  If you do not accept cookies, however, you will not be able access some features on our website. 
We use a third-party service provider to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on this site.  They may collect anonymous information about your visits to our website, your interaction with our products and services, and other actions you take in connection with the website and our online ads.  They may also use information about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements for goods and services.  This anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by most major websites.  
Pixel tags in our emails may be used to track your interactions with those messages, such as when you receive, open, or click a link in an email message from us. 
We may combine the information we collect through these technologies with other information we have collected from and about you and use it as described in this policy. 
We do not respond to 'do not track' signals or similar mechanisms.  Third party service providers keep track of your browsing activities on our website, which enable us to target advertising based on your browsing history and preferences. 
  CUSTOMER SERVICE
Contact Us
Returns
Shipping
FAQ's
My Account Login
OUR COMPANY
Gift Cards
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
About Us
SIGN UP AND SAVE!
Gain early access, exclusive offers and more. Sign up and save 10% OFF your first order.
GET MY 10%
 7DIAMONDS
Amazon American Express Apple Pay Discover Google Pay MastercardPayPalVenmo Visa